Moderator: Alright. I have started recording. So I just wanna confirm once again, are you comfortable? If I record my screen and audio as we talk today.
P9: Yes.
Moderator: Okay, thank you so much. And are you comfortable? If we decided to use a recorded clip from our discussion today to share with other Va. Partners. If we removed any identifying information.
P9: Sure.
Moderator: Okay, thank you so much getting through that. So before we take a look at that caregiver online form together, I have a couple of questions for you. Is it correct that you are enrolled in the program of comprehensive assistance for family caregivers?
P9: Correct.
Moderator: Okay? And can you confirm that you applied about one or 2 years ago.
P9: Yes.
P9: Correct.
Moderator: Thank you. If you were going to explain the caregiver program to someone who is interested in rolling, how? How would you explain it?
P9: So it's basically everything being online in one portal
P9: for caregivers to be able to
P9: gather information, do research, communicate questions. So
P9: it's everything that you do, but being on an online portal which makes it really convenient.
Moderator: Yeah. What online portal do you use to manage
Moderator: caregiver things.
P9: I just go directly to the to the website.
P9: and and go from there. So
P9: I have a number of different
P9: Va sites in my favorites.
Moderator: Alright!
P9: And depending on the issue that I'm dealing with.
P9: I will go directly to the portals. So you know, probably
P9: 1015 years ago it
P9: used to take a lot longer to do research because it was all
P9: phone calls or waiting for information to arrive
P9: via mail. But now I can just go to.
P9: you know, va.gov or
P9: Va. benefits.gov or Va. Medical information.gov. Or Va.
P9: There's several sites in Massachusetts.
P9: There's Jamaica Plain and Brockton, which are the major sites. So
P9: it's just a lot easier to manage everything.
Moderator: Okay, gotcha.
Moderator: Are you familiar with the concept of a primary and secondary caregiver?
P9: Yes.
Moderator: Okay. And do you know which one you're enrolled as.
P9: Primary.
Moderator: Okay? So when you applied for the caregiver program and completed that form to sign up, do you remember if that was in person at a facility or online. Do you remember how you did that.
P9: I'm pretty sure it was in person, because that's when
P9: things really changed than being able to.
P9: you know. Get some information.
P9: apply, and then, once it was
P9: ready to go.
P9: I was able to do things online.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: and what did you do in preparation for applying in person? Did you any research or anything on your own.
P9: Not a ton, because
P9: I think you know.
P9: every application that we've been able to
P9: bring online for ourselves has just made life easier.
P9: So you know whether it be your banking.
P9: whether it be
P9: You know general medical
P9: things for myself or my family or college. It like everything is just so much easier
P9: via an online portal.
Moderator: Okay, did you look up information about it online, or what happened before you enrolled for the program.
P9: Just some general research, what you know, what was entailed. You know what the project was all about, what the website was all about. So on and so forth, but nothing really more than that, because
P9: I was just excited to be able to do everything via a portal.
Moderator: Yeah, okay.
Moderator: So how did you find out about the caregiver program?
P9: Through the doctor
P9: that my father had so.
Moderator: Gotcha wrong?
Moderator: Great. So when you completed that form in person to sign up for the caregiver program.
Moderator: did you do that on your own? Or did you have help from someone like an accredited representative, or a Vso or other source.
P9: I think I called a couple of folks
P9: in the community that I was connected to.
P9: just, you know, a couple of questions, but nothing more than that.
Moderator: Okay?
Moderator: And then, when you actually filled out the form, you just did that yourself.
P9: Yes, and then, if there were any particular questions, it was
P9: there's a few local offices not too far from us that I have talked to people before.
P9: So I have their phone number. So I was able to to ask them questions.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: do you know what those local offices are? They're like veteran service organization.
P9: Yeah.
Moderator: And that sort of thing.
P9: Yes, for sure.
Moderator: Says, Okay.
Moderator: is there anything else that you'd like to share about your experience applying for the caregiver program, good or bad.
P9: You know, I think that.
P9: it's just awesome to have things online
P9: again. You know.
P9: they used to be pretty big files of information, and
P9: it was more cumbersome.
P9: you know, to find things. It just.
P9: It's just quicker to be able to go into a system. But
P9: I do a lot of work on the computer, a lot of work online.
P9: So it's
P9: It was not hard for me
P9: to sort of maneuver around.
Moderator: Good to know.
Moderator: Is there a site that you find most helpful in managing your caregiver role.
P9: I probably do
P9: the the benefit site most.
Moderator: Is, that e benefits.
P9: Yeah.
Moderator: Okay.
P9: Because that's usually what
P9: I have to access in in order to
P9: get information or process information.
P9: yeah.
P9: I would take that one.
Moderator: Alright. Thank you so much.
Moderator: So we're gonna change gears a bit and take a look at that form. I'm going to send you the link to our testing site in the zoom chat.
P9: Sure.
Moderator: You know, if you need any help finding it.
P9: Okay, got it?
Moderator: Okay, once you have that link open, I'm gonna want you to share your screen with me in zoom. So feel free to
Moderator: hide anything you don't want me to see or just share that individual window possible.
P9: Are you good?
Moderator: I see it. Yeah.
P9: Okay.
Moderator: Thank you so much.
Moderator: Okay, so I just want you to review this page and tell me what your initial thoughts and expectations would be of this form
Moderator: before going forward and applying.
Moderator: You can take your time going through the page.
P9: So
P9: I think it's laid out easily.
P9: and
P9: the only thing that I would
P9: wanna see in the headers
P9: is, maybe.
P9: you know, like the the main prompts that people need to do.
P9: maybe have them highlighted. So
P9: where it says, apply.
P9: And then.
P9: you know, follow these steps, maybe having those.
P9: maybe in the blue, like those are the the main
P9: pieces.
P9: and then the the start. Your application, I think, should be a little bit bolder. So
P9: if it could be that those
P9: specific prompts were
P9: more readily available to the reader. Because I I really I don't know
P9: The demographics of those that are going to apply.
P9: But
P9: a lot of people just have different skill levels
P9: of being online and being in a web based portal. So the more the portal can
P9: talk to them in a way.
P9: the better it is. And then
P9: on my screen.
P9: where it says, apply for
P9: the program of comprehensive assistance for family caregivers.
P9: This is in small print. It kind of gets lost.
P9: so I'm not sure
P9: if it should, if that should come out. But then you come to
P9: apply, or maybe you say
P9: you know, follow these.
P9: Well, you do say, follow these steps, but
P9: maybe those
P9: follow these steps to get started.
P9: and that comes up here
P9: before you know where this small part is.
P9: And then
P9: you sort of outline. Apply
P9: and then check your eligibility.
P9: Gather your information.
P9: So those are just a few things.
P9: just because I think things can get lost.
P9: Does that sound.
Moderator: Yeah.
P9: Is, that is that the kind of feedback you were looking for.
Moderator: Yeah, definitely. It's interesting also to see like what you're seeing on your screen, like, it's
Moderator: funky. It's good to just see it on different.
Moderator: and how people visit websites.
P9: Yeah. And I think, too,
P9: the dark blue of the Us. Department of veteran affairs.
P9: I think, could be maybe that's a way to to highlight some of these areas.
P9: But again, it's
P9: It's interesting. Like, when you go to an airline website
P9: or hotel website
P9: like you, just, you need prompts the brain, just need prompt needs, prompts.
P9: I think.
Moderator: Sure. Thank you so much for that feedback.
P9: Those few things.
P9: It's got a really great start.
Moderator: Okay, is there anything on this page that stands out to you as being particularly confusing or really helpful?
P9: helpful again is, you know, apply for the program.
P9: Follow these steps.
P9: It.
P9: It's interesting, because.
P9: you know, you start your application.
P9: I'm not sure
P9: if that should be before.
P9: What if I have questions?
P9: Because it says we'll take you through each step of the process?
P9: But then.
P9: you know it's asking. Do you need help before you start? But
P9: it may be that you want to have people start.
P9: but then, if they have questions.
P9: then go to the questions you're asking for the questions before
P9: they've started.
Moderator: Okay.
P9: just looking here.
P9: Yeah, I think that's important.
P9: So I would go to.
P9: I would bring 3 up above. What if I have questions.
P9: But everything else.
P9: No is.
P9: It's well laid out just for those few things that I mentioned earlier.
Moderator: Okay, thank you so much.
Moderator: if you're going to rate this page on a scale of one to 5, 1 being the worst and 5 being the best.
Moderator: How prepared and informed do you feel about the application you're about to begin? Based on this page's content.
P9: Say, probably a 4.
Moderator: Okay. Why would you give it that rating.
P9: you know, it's
P9: it's explaining. It's the application for the program of comprehensive assistance for family caregivers.
P9: It's explaining. Use this form.
P9: you know it has. You go through, start your application. I think that
P9: you can check your eligibility. 1st and foremost.
P9: Hopefully. People have already, you know, gathered information.
P9: so that they can start the application. But
P9: it's well laid out.
P9: and
P9: you know it tells you what to do if you need assistance. So I I would say.
P9: probably a low 4.
Moderator: Okay, I love that a lot more.
Moderator: Okay, so we can go ahead and start the application. Now.
P9: Okay.
P9: sorry. There's a helicopter in the background.
Moderator: That's okay. Take your time. That can be pretty loud.
P9: Yeah.
Moderator: Yes, it is.
P9: Okay.
Moderator: Okay. So if you see how to start the application, you can go ahead and do that.
Moderator: Okay. So I'm just gonna have you go through the form however, realistically as possible, and just keep thinking aloud as you are
Moderator: filling out the form as though you are applying for the caregiver program. Just a reminder. This is a testing site. So you do not have to worry about any information you enter, going anywhere
Moderator: you can feel free to enter real or fake information. It doesn't matter. We will make sure it's not shared anywhere with anyone.
Moderator: And I'll give you a fake social security number when we get to that. That step.
P9: Sure.
P9: So you actually want me to start filling it out.
Moderator: Yep.
P9: Hi.
Moderator: Wow!
P9: Yeah.
Moderator: Well, maybe that was your real birthday. I was gonna say, happy birthday.
P9: Oh, no! I was.
Moderator: State.
P9: Okay, go ahead.
Moderator: Okay. So you can put 3, 2, 1,
Moderator: 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9.
P9: Would not be easy if we had social security numbers that we could
P9: put into algorithms that really we could understand.
P9: Do you want me to press? Continue.
Moderator: Yeah, I just have a quick question. If you were, if you had to enter the social security number of the veteran that you're a caregiver for would that be easy for you, or.
P9: I have it in a a quick file.
P9: Yes.
Moderator: Okay? And what's your comfort level with putting that in this form.
P9: You know what I am less and less
P9: inclined to want to use a social security number.
P9: I'd rather I wish there were something else. You know the Ssn number or something. There's a different number.
P9: like a license number.
P9: But
P9: you know.
P9: if that's all you have.
P9: but it is the the veterans administration, so I wouldn't.
P9: I wouldn't question it too much, but you always wonder
P9: if it's gonna get into the hands of the wrong person.
P9: Yes.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: thank you. You can keep going.
P9: Sure.
P9: and I'm just putting in whatever comes up.
Moderator: Okay. So just please keep thinking aloud as you complete this question. I'm curious how you would prefer to search for Va facilities.
P9: So
P9: I would probably want to put in the city so.
Moderator: You can go ahead and do that.
P9: Okay.
P9: And there it is.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: okay,
Moderator: So if you wanted to change that facility that you entered, how would you do that?
P9: Let's see here.
P9: I would go back and
P9: put in Jamaica plane because I saw a number of them come up
P9: and
P9: I would look through this list.
P9: If it was in another
P9: state.
P9: Let's say it was Rhode Island. I would put in the State
P9: and see what came up with that.
Moderator: Okay.
P9: But again, you know.
P9: I
P9: do a lot of work online.
P9: And I mentioned this earlier in the conversation that
P9: it's more intuitive for me
P9: to be able to maneuver around just because I'm online a lot. If you're
P9: if this is for someone that isn't
P9: as experience doing things online.
P9: it can be.
P9: you know, a little more cumbersome. As I said earlier.
P9: so I think you have to be really
P9: careful with the prompts, and have the site
P9: really talk to
P9: the person, and that that's a challenge that you all have as you pull this together.
Moderator: Yeah.
Moderator: is there anything that you think would be particularly difficult for other veterans and caregivers?
P9: You know, I think some people just get.
P9: you know, going online and and doing this when they're used to pulling files and folders and brochures
P9: and doing things by phone. I think we've all been forced to learn
P9: how to do things
P9: online, but
P9: it can be intimidated, especially for
P9: elderly folks,
P9: or folks that you know don't have English
P9: as their 1st language.
P9: and that's very common. So I think you could do like a a video that was available
P9: or you could have just an overview. I don't know if you've ever seen the
P9: The there's a a little
P9: widget that you can put on the website, and it translates
P9: into like a hundred 50 languages.
P9: Have you? Do you know about that?
Moderator: Not in particular, but.
P9: Yeah.
Moderator: Do we have that.
P9: Something where? There's a widget, because our population, if for my work
P9: there's a widget, you click on it, and it will
P9: if it. If you say Portuguese, everything will come up in Portuguese. If you say Spanish, everything come up in Spanish, so
P9: there could be something in terms of accessibility.
P9: that you could
P9: add, you know.
P9: But I just think that
P9: it's gotta be intuitive for people
P9: to be able to get through.
Moderator: Yeah, thank you so much for that feedback.
P9: Sure.
Moderator: So you can go ahead and select a facility.
Moderator: Pick the one that you would actually pick.
P9: Okay, that's my, was my question. Okay? So I'm gonna go
P9: back
P9: and
P9: and I'm gonna come here.
P9: And then I'm gonna put
P9: plane.
P9: Here. We are.
P9: Okay.
Moderator: Why are you selecting that facility.
P9: that's the one that I'm familiar with
P9: and that some of the the caregivers are at.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: what were your thoughts about this process of selecting a facility? And if you were to rate it one to 5 again.
Moderator: one being bad, 5 being good. Would you rate this process.
P9: Was pretty good.
P9: I think that was pretty easy.
P9: Can you hold on just one second.
Moderator: Absolutely go ahead.
Moderator: sweet!
P9: Okay. I understand that, John.
P9: Very good.
P9: Do you want me to put continue.
Moderator: Yep, go ahead.
Moderator: What would you rate it? 1, 2, 5,
Moderator: just selecting if it.
P9: I'd have to say.
P9: probably a 4 again.
P9: between 3 and a 4.
P9: yeah.
Moderator: Okay, why is that.
P9: again it the subcategories. I think
P9: I'd like to see
P9: just it come out a little bit more to the user.
P9: So whether it's there's a color here
P9: on search. Continue the prompts, maybe have that the same as these. The sub editing.
Moderator: The same like color.
P9: Yes.
Moderator: Okay.
P9: Because these are these are prompts. Right
P9: the search and continue. So the Va Medical Center.
P9: That piece here, if it was the same, it acts more like a
P9: a prompt.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: thank you for that feedback. Let's just go ahead and select that facility again and move on to the next step.
P9: Sure.
P9: Okay.
Moderator: You can keep going.
Moderator: So what does the term primary caregiver mean to you?
P9: The person that is fully in charge of the
P9: patient, you know, veteran who is in need. So
P9: it would be the number one person
P9: in the family who's responsible for care.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: Gotcha. So let's go through a scenario where you are adding a primary caregiver to this application, and just keep thinking aloud about your thought process, as you try to add that.
P9: Okay.
P9: So do you want me to put in
P9: information here? Just go through the process.
Moderator: Yep, as though you're adding the primary caregiver to the application.
P9: Okay.
P9: let's see.
P9: was that the right number.
P9: the the 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7.
Moderator: Probably not going to allow that, but it might, if you change one number.
P9: Okay, go ahead. Which one.
Moderator: Try changing like the last number to 8. Let's see if it takes that.
P9: Oh, very good.
Moderator: You just won't take that like sequential gotcha.
P9: To make it easy. I'll do that.
P9: Okay.
Moderator: Okay? And what does a secondary caregiver mean to you?
P9: This would be someone else in the family or
P9: extended family that would have the responsibility if the primary caregiver
P9: is not available.
Moderator: Okay? And how do you think that the secondary caregiver role differs in the application process and the benefits from the primary caregiver.
P9: I would think that the secondary
P9: would probably be similar.
P9: Just because there are times when
P9: very often a primary care caregiver.
P9: you know, isn't available or can't get to something. So
P9: I think it's it's common.
Moderator: Common to what's common.
P9: That a secondary family caregiver would need to
P9: be part of this process. Be doing this process.
Moderator: Okay, gotcha.
Moderator: so let's go through the form as though we are adding a secondary caregiver as well to the application, and just continue to think aloud.
P9: Sure.
P9: Okay.
Moderator: Keep going.
Moderator: Put another one in with just one number changed, I guess.
P9: Oops.
P9: Oh, it took it!
Moderator: It's not that picky.
P9: Okay.
P9: So that was the prompts were good.
P9: So it's not allowing me to continue so.
Moderator: Oh, it's not.
P9: No.
Moderator: What that it's not doing anything.
P9: Nope, when you get to, is the caregivers mailing address the same as their home address.
Moderator: And then did you click, continue.
P9: Yes.
Moderator: Oh!
P9: Let me try putting no in here.
P9: Nope.
Moderator: Hmm.
P9: It stops right there.
Moderator: Very strange. I haven't seen it do that
Moderator: maybe we should try refreshing the page.
P9: Okay.
Moderator: Could you do that in your browser? Refresh the page.
P9: Sure. So you want me to just go up here to the caregiver.
Moderator: I would just do like the refresh arrow that's next to your back arrow in your browser
Moderator: next to the URL,
Moderator: you see that.
P9: Okay.
Moderator: No! On the on the window where the form was open.
Moderator: I see your email now.
P9: Okay, go ahead.
Moderator: There
Moderator: next to like you see where the URL says, staging.va.gov at the top.
Moderator: To the left of that. There's the refresh arrow.
P9: Oh, there it is. Okay.
Moderator: Let's do that and see if that helps. I've just never. I haven't seen this happening.
Moderator: So let's try that.
P9: Okay.
P9: I clicked it.
Moderator: And then do reload
Moderator: in that. Pop up.
Moderator: Do you see the pop up that says reload site.
P9: No!
P9: Oh, here we go!
P9: Oh, you know what it is! My all the zoom prompts. I'm gonna move them to the bottom of the page.
Moderator: Okay, yeah, they're getting in the way.
P9: There you go!
Moderator: Who?
Moderator: Let's see what? Oh, no! It took you back to the beginning.
P9: Yeah.
Moderator: Refresh it.
Moderator: Sorry about that. Okay, I don't want you to have to go back through the entire form.
Moderator: Well, let's see if you started. If it has saved anything that you entered.
P9: No.
P9: and that's something, too.
P9: That maybe should be added is
P9: continue, or save for later.
P9: So at the bottom, where it says back or continue. Maybe there should be save for later.
Moderator: Yeah. Do you think that you would want to save this form and come back to it later.
P9: It depends on the timing, because if you come in and let's say you think it's gonna take like 20 min. But then, if you need troubleshooting
P9: and you have to make a phone call or
P9: ask some questions, I think it would be great
P9: to have that on here. So it says back. Continue.
P9: You could do
P9: save
P9: maybe put
P9: back.
P9: Save then continue because you don't want to continue until you've saved it.
Moderator: Yeah, okay, thank you for that. It's helpful.
Moderator: let me just see if I can get an example of the one screen that we didn't get to, because I don't wanna make you go back there.
Moderator: Sorry one moment.
P9: No worries.
Moderator: You can actually stop sharing your screen, I think, for this last part I'll share mine and have you look at it.
P9: Okay.
P9: Great.
Moderator: Moment while it's loading. Okay?
Moderator: So let's share.
Moderator: Okay. So we were almost all the way through. This is kind of the last page that you would have seen if we from there as like size for Mobile, though, so I'll zoom in a little bit.
P9: So.
Moderator: This is where you would have come after that.
Moderator: So just tell me any thoughts you're having about this page. And what you would expect
Moderator: to happen next.
P9: So would
P9: if I clicked on these arrows, would
P9: all the information that I submitted be in here.
Moderator: Yeah, is that what you would expect.
P9: Yes.
P9: it looks like it's prompting me to.
P9: you know. Go to
P9: each of these and review to make sure it's all set.
P9: and then I see it's asking for
P9: You know, you're saying that this this is the information that I entered. So
P9: that's what it looks like. Can you go up to the top
P9: so it is a little bit confusing because
P9: there's nothing unless can you go up to the very top yeah, I think there needs to be some kind of subcategory
P9: that
P9: maybe review
P9: goes up top
P9: because it there really isn't anything that's telling me what this is all about.
P9: maybe put review of information submitted.
P9: or a review of information.
P9: I'm trying to think of a a better word.
P9: You know what I'm saying? There, there really is no prompt here.
Moderator: I gotcha
Moderator: just going back to.
P9: Yeah.
Moderator: Really show us more, because I'm having trouble with the pro.
P9: Yeah, so
P9: there should be.
P9: Again, we want the site to talk to the user.
P9: Now, we're gonna review
P9: what was provided.
P9: Please do that
P9: before it's submitted.
P9: So maybe that paragraph goes up top.
Moderator: Okay, thank you. That's helpful.
Moderator: So once you've done that, I'm going to scroll down a little further, show you what else is on the page. Let me know any impressions that you have.
Moderator: Nope.
P9: That looks like something that would, you know.
P9: need to be there, especially with the privacy policy
P9: yeah, that looks
P9: straightforward.
Moderator: Okay.
P9: Same thing
P9: that looks straightforward.
Moderator: Okay.
P9: But again, the the prompt at the top of the page
P9: needs to include what's gonna happen on that page.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: just gonna keep scrolling to show you what else is on the page.
P9: Okay.
P9: and
P9: there may be
P9: one prompt before submit.
P9: And I don't know if it comes on this page, or it comes before it gets to this page.
P9: But is there anything that needs to be edited?
P9: They need to have the option
P9: to edit information before they move to the next section.
Moderator: Yeah.
P9: Because you could put in the wrong postal code you could.
P9: It's easy to think you have everything
P9: and then have to go back. So there's got to be
P9: edit.
P9: save save, you know, save for later.
P9: save and continue
P9: because I don't think that
P9: you know
P9: most people that sit down to do these kinds of documents.
P9: you know. Let's say
P9: It says, you know, this takes approximately
P9: 30 min to complete.
P9: depending again on the language barriers or
P9: the vision barriers. I just think that people need to be given the option
P9: to correct something and edit something, because it's an important document.
Moderator: Yeah, definitely. So how do you think you would edit anything if you came to this page?
P9: I think I would ask the question
P9: before they're submitting it.
P9: There should be a section that says, You know.
P9: do you need to edit
P9: But I think each page should have that
P9: at the end, you know, kind of like that front before you continue.
P9: Is there anything that
P9: needs to be changed like it? It honestly needs to be asked
P9: otherwise, what just happened in the session going back to the very 1st page
P9: could happen to people, and then they get frustrated and.
Moderator: Okay, thank you. That's helpful.
Moderator: What would your comfort level be of filling out and signing all this information without all the people who are involved present.
P9: The same.
Moderator: You're the primary caregiver as you are. But the veteran might not be here, and the secondary caregiver might not be here.
P9: I think, as the primary. You have that responsibility
P9: and dealing with
P9: family members, and they know that the primary
P9: has that authority
P9: for the family. So it's fine.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: good to know. Thank you so much. Now, I'm just going to share the final page.
P9: Boy that went fast.
Moderator: Alright. Let me share this with you.
Moderator: Okay, so if we did submit the application, this is what we would see next. So just describe to me in your own words what this page is telling you happened, and what comes next in the process.
Moderator: feel free.
P9: So it looks like it's
P9: it's giving you all the information. But
P9: it's a little confusing, because it it also says Apply. So
P9: I think I would put
P9: the thank you and the submission information
P9: above
P9: and have a prompt on here that says
P9: application.
P9: completion.
P9: You know something that says you're done.
P9: and then here are next steps. But it's it's kind of looking like.
P9: apply that prompt is.
P9: do. Did I forget something? Do I need to do something again?
Moderator: Okay.
P9: So that's confusing that that only gets a 3.
Moderator: and I'll just scroll down the page. You can see everything that's on it.
Moderator: Is there anything that you would like to see here that you don't.
P9: those sub headers, I think could be
P9: in, you know, colors, that sort of match the blue and green
P9: Or something that just comes out to people
P9: cause they're important what to expect next, what to do if you have questions.
P9: what if you're denied?
P9: So I think this page needs some attention.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: Is there any information that you would want to know after submitting the application, that you don't see.
P9: So I'm looking to see if there's a timeline you'll receive a confirmation.
P9: But
P9: it's not really saying.
P9: you know. Is it? Within 10 business days, is it within.
P9: you know, 15 business days.
P9: or all applications reviewed once they're received, and
P9: 2 weeks after that. So I think there needs to be more information built in
P9: on expectations.
Moderator: okay.
Moderator: thank you. That's helpful.
Moderator: Any other feedback about this page.
P9: The font looks small, and I'm not sure if that's just your screen.
P9: The font on the other pages did not look. Yeah, that's better.
P9: That's much better.
Moderator: Okay. Any other feedback.
P9: No, again. It's
P9: You know. The subcategories, I think, need to be outlined more in.
P9: You need to have timelines
P9: built into this. I just had a question.
P9: when.
P9: as you folks are designing this for the users.
P9: how long do you anticipate
P9: the average time is to complete.
Moderator: Complete the form per user, you mean.
Moderator: so usually have what we always have to have actually some guidelines at the start of the form.
Moderator: Which
Moderator: we looked@togetherfirstst So it was.
Moderator: I'll just share it real quick. So you can see.
Moderator: okay. So like, when the user is starting a form. This is actually something that is required of us is to put the respondent burden of approximately how long
Moderator: the form should take to fill out.
Moderator: Do you think that that's accurate, based on what you've seen in the form.
P9: No, I think
P9: I would probably increase it by 20 to like 20,
P9: cause. Then they'll be happy if they finish it sooner.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: any other feedback.
Moderator: I'm sure.
P9: No
P9: It's just again having
P9: the prompts really talk to the user
P9: and having them stand out.
P9: And if you know, putting ourselves in the.
P9: You know, the seat of the user.
P9: you know, coming with the people can come with vision issues. They can come with language barriers. They can.
P9: you know, make a mistake, and they have to edit. So I think you need to give opportunity for
P9: all of that
P9: to you know.
P9: be available for the user.
Moderator: Yeah, thank you so much.
Moderator: So we are almost done. I just have a couple of final questions for you.
Moderator: Now that you've seen the form. What research do you think that you would want to do before applying and completing a form like that?
P9: I would definitely go to
P9: to the Va website to the Caregiver website.
P9: I know I have.
P9: I mentioned earlier that I have in my history and in my favorites.
P9: you know, different va.gov websites.
P9: So I would definitely go
P9: and just make sure that I understand.
P9: you know a little bit more about the website. There may be
P9: a way to actually look up the website before you start it.
P9: because it looks like once you get into the application.
P9: you're
P9: you're in it.
P9: So I I probably would spend a couple of minutes
P9: trying to
P9: gather a little bit of info.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: and what were your thoughts about the amount of information that was provided in the form? Did you think it was too much, too little, or just enough.
P9: You know.
P9: it's a good question, because you would think that a lot of the
P9: you know the primary caregivers would
P9: know why they're
P9: filling out this form and that they'd be knowledgeable. But you could have links
P9: beforehand
P9: on the main page, like.
P9: you know.
P9: Find out if you're eligible, or you know, some of those prompts were there, but maybe a little bit brighter.
P9: so that people can.
P9: Some people are gonna come in
P9: with ability to just get through the application and and go. Some people are gonna come in.
P9: maybe not having that background
P9: on the caregiver program. So you know.
P9: maybe some
P9: pre resources.
P9: kind of saying, before you begin this application.
P9: feel free to do some general research at the
P9: I know I use a
P9: I told you earlier, the va.gov website?
P9: so people could could go there and just ask questions.
P9: A lot of people are going to AI now and asking questions.
P9: So I think there's ways to to find information before people get
P9: too far into the application.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: so did you feel like
Moderator: it's just enough if there's more links provided upfront.
P9: Yes, yes.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: Alright, thank you. Is there any additional information about who qualifies to be a primary or secondary caregiver that you would like to see.
P9: You know, I I think I know, just because
P9: of my role. But there could be a link to that, too.
P9: you know. Description of primary caregiver description of, you know.
P9: secondary caregiver.
P9: More information can't hurt. It's just a matter of how it's laid out
P9: and how easy it is for people to access.
Moderator: Okay, thank you so much.
Moderator: So I just want to circle back and reconfirm. Are you comfortable? If we were to share a video clip of this session with our Va partners removing any identifying information.
P9: Yes.
Moderator: Okay, is there any part of our discussion you would not want shared in a video clip.
P9: Not at all. I'm happy to help.
Moderator: Okay, thank you. We really appreciate you taking the time to give us your feedback. It's really helpful. So we continue to work on the site. Make sure it's really working for all veterans and caregivers.
Moderator: Did you have any questions for me before we wrap up.
P9: No, not at all. Anytime. You folks need assistance. I'm happy to share my expertise and help out.
Moderator: Okay, thank you. Lastly, Perigin is the company that sent you the invite for this session. They'll be sending you a thank you note with a little blurb, that you could pass along to veterans and caregivers if you know anyone who might want to participate in research studies like this.
P9: Okay. Great.
Moderator: Great. Thank you so much, Stephanie. I hope you have a great.
P9: You have a great Friday. Okay, bye, bye.
Moderator: Bye.